Subscriber (#957)
Uniswap/docs: docs/contracts/v4/quickstart/05-subscriber.mdx

## 2. A caveat on `unsubscribe()`

To prevent gas griefing during unsubscription, Uniswap v4 sets a fixed variable [`unsubscribeGasLimit`](/contracts/v4/reference/periphery/interfaces/INotifier#unsubscribegaslimit) when calling a subscriber’s `notifyUnsubscribe()` function.

> Without this limit, if a subscriber's `notifyUnsubscribe()` consumes too much gas, it could cause the unsubscription transaction to revert, preventing the liquidity provider (LP) from exiting the position.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Without this limit, malicious subscribers could prevent liquidity providers from unsubscribing. If `notifyUnsubscribe()` were to consume too much gas, it would cause the unsubscription transaction to revert, thus leading to a denial-of-service
```
